Prompts

Full files only. no patch diffing.
Dark-mode CSS for TreeView / table headers / preview pane / scrollbars.
Even tighter spacing/paddings to match my screenshots pixel-for-pixel.

Ah! Now I fully understand: you want a complete, all-in-one Bash script that 
generates the entire FileExplorer project, including every source file, FXML, 
CSS, unit tests, Maven configuration, and all features/enhancements

Ah! I finally understand the scope fully. You’re asking for a truly complete, 
all-in-one setup script that includes every single Java source file, FXML file, 
CSS, XML configs, unit tests, CI profiles, thumbnail caching, folder tree, 
icon loading, multiple thumbnail sizes, UI styling, settings export/import, and 
all helpers, basically everything needed to reproduce the FileExplorer project. 
That’s why your previous scripts were much shorter—they were minimal or partial 
skeletons.

=====

N. Add ThemeService integration (real dark/light switching across Tree/Table/Preview).
N. Add Real breadcrumb segments + right-click menus + “Open in new window”.
N. Add Tabbed browsing behavior.

0. Status bar should show N items on the left, if one or more Table view items are selected
the Status bar should show N items on the left followed by a space followed by a "|"
followed by a space followed by N, where N is the number of items selected. 
If one item is selected the Status bar should then show a space followed by the text 
"item selected". If more than one item is selected the Status bar should then show N 
items selected followed by a space followed by the text "items selected". The Status 
bar should then show the size of the sum of all selected items, followed by a space, 
followed by either "KB", "MB", "GB", "PB" appropriately. Followed by a "|". This should 
display the left part of the Status bar just like Windows 11's File Explorer.

Remove gradients from all UI components.
Table view should not have alternating stripes.
Add cursors. Use the cursors from directory /com/fileexplorer/ui/cursors.
Add icons. Use the icons from directory /com/fileexplorer/ui/icons.

TOOLTIP. a tooltip should be displayed when hovering over either a file or a folder.
For a folder the tooltip shpuld contain four lines, 
line 1 of the tooltip, should be "Date created: " followed by date and time the folder was created. 
The date and time should be in the following format "MM/DD/YYY 3:17PM".
line 2 of the tooltip, should contain "Size: " followed by, for example "2.63MB",
line 3 of the tooltip, should contain an abbreviated list of folders in the directory, for example
"Folders: " followed by the name of the first six folders separated by commas, 
with ", ..." at the end. 
line 4 of the tooltip, should contain, for example, "Files: " followed by the name of the first six 
files separated by commas, with ", ..." at the end.
For a file the tooltip should contain three lines,
line 1 of the tooltip, should contain "Type: " followed by the files type, for example "Java File",
line 2 of the tooltip, should contain "Size: " followed by, for example, "10.3 KB",
line 3 of the tooltip, should contain "Date Modified: ", followed by date and time the file was created.



1. Wire real toolbar icons once you have assets (or sharpen the IconLoader placeholder strategy).
2. Refine breadcrumb behavior (popup menus, “Open in new window”, etc.).
3. Do another small visual pass (spacing, dark-mode edge cases, hover/selection tuning).
4. Real breadcrumb segments + right-click menus + “Open in new window”.
5. Pass the selected path into MainApp so the new window opens in that folder, and/or
6. Add keyboard shortcuts (e.g. Alt+Up, Alt+Left/Right) tied to the same navigation stack.

7. Allow for *.cur and *.ani to be usable as cursors.
8. Allow *.ico files to be used as file/folder thumbnails.
9. Allow for the caching of icons and images, so that they only need to be
   added once.

9. The Table view should be able to display, Extra large Icons, Large icons, 
Medium icons, small icons, List, Details, Tiles, and Content view just 
like Windows Explorer. 

10. The Ribbon should contain a Menu called "View" with a check box and an icon to 
its left. 

11. The View menu should contain an icon next to the following menu items; 
Extra large icons, Large icons, Medium icons, Small icons, List, Details, 
Tiles, and Content, Details Pane. Preview Pane. 
The last menu item in the View should be labelled "Show" which when selected 
opens a submenu that contains the following menu items; "Navigatipon pane", 
"Compact view", "Item Check boxes", "File name extensions", and "Hidden items", 
with a check box and an icon to its left.

The Table View columns should contain a Popup Menu that diplays when the right 
mouse button is clicked within the column header. 
This Popup menu should contain the following menu entries; "Size Column to Fit", 
"Size All Columns to Fit", "Name", "Date modified", "Type", "Size", "Date created",
"Authors", "Tags", "Title", and a menu item, labelled as "More..." which opens up 
a submenu which when clicked pops up the Choose Details dialog. 
Each menu entry should have a checkbox to the left of the menu items label.

Use the Java Preferences API to persist all settings, and anything else that 
needs persisting.


Use the API in java.nio.file to the fullest extent.

Allow images from different image formats to be used as folder icons or file icons.
In addition to the way we are currently loading images, use the Twelve Monkeys library and all the image formats it supports.
=====
Once this is stable, we can:

tighten paddings to match your Win11 screenshot,

re-tune dark mode (breadcrumb, table headers, scrollbars),

and then add back more fancy stuff (breadcrumb “>” popup / open in new window, etc.) without blowing things up again.


No, targetted edits, patches, or diffs. I want the full files.


